gh-102140: fix false negative in csv.Sniffer.has_header (#103341)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-05-01-18-53-20.gh-issue-102140._4gFLu.rst

> Improve detection in the :meth:`~csv.Sniffer.has_header` method of :class:`csv.Sniffer` when all cells in the first row are strings.

Reviewer: Since (in order to be backported) this issue is a defect fix rather than an enhancement, I recommend rewording this accordingly to be clear and specific about that.

```suggestion
Fix false negatives in the :meth:`~csv.Sniffer.has_header` method of :class:`csv.Sniffer` when all cells in the first row are strings.
```

Added in the has_header() method, a condition that checks if all elements are strings type.

>  If it's true (in that case, the dictionnary is empty), then we compare the average length of all strings to the header's length in the vote at the end of the function.

Reviewer 2: Note to self: improve wording and markup

Enhanced the :meth:`has_header` in the :mod:`CSV` for better header detection.
Now checks if all columns are strings and if the :py:data:`columnTypes` is empty.

> If conditions are met, it assigns the median length of the strings to :py:data:`columnTypes`.

Reviewer 2: - Describe actions like commands, not past things: `Enhance / improve / change X to do Y`, not `enhanced`
- This reads «The `has_header` in the `csv` → add some nouns 😉 
- Lower-case `csv` for the module, full name for the method or the link won’t work
- Same note about columnTypes here, plus I think the note goes into too much detail.

> Enhanced the :meth:`has_header` in the :mod:`CSV` for better header detection.
> Now checks if all columns are strings and if the :py:data:`columnTypes` is empty.
> If conditions are met, it assigns the median length of the strings to :py:data:`columnTypes`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Improve detection in the :meth:`~csv.Sniffer.has_header` method of :class:`csv.Sniffer` when all cells in the first row are strings.
```
